---
title: From First Encounter with Open Source to Becoming a PMC Member of Apache HertzBeat™
author: Calvin
author_title: Calvin
author_url: https://github.com/Calvin979
tags: [opensource, practice]
keywords: [open source monitoring system, alerting system]
---

### Personal Journey

In 2023, I stumbled upon the open-source project HertzBeat. At the time, I was still just following online tutorials and books to learn the source code of some well-known open-source frameworks.
With a mindset of learning, I attempted to run HertzBeat locally. However, I soon encountered an issue where the project wouldn't start. Because of this, I submitted my first PR—modifying the startup documentation.
This PR was swiftly merged into the master branch, which greatly encouraged me. From then on, I began to delve deeper into HertzBeat. It was challenging at first, and I didn't know where to start.
As I gained a deeper understanding of it, I gradually began to dissect its modules and code structure. During this period, I claimed numerous tasks and bugs from the community's issue list and submitted corresponding PRs.
From documentation, unit testing, frontend, backend, to new feature development, I unknowingly gained extensive knowledge within this project. This knowledge no longer felt cold and abstract like what's presented in books or blogs; instead, it came alive before my eyes.

A year later, I became a Committer—a new phase in my contributions to open-source projects. Beyond maintaining code, this role emphasizes proactively fostering a positive community atmosphere and mentoring new contributors to deepen their involvement with HertzBeat. This experience revealed that technology isn't just about code—it's about collaboration, sharing, and collective growth.

Today, I am honored to be invited to join the PMC. This recognition not only affirms my past contributions but also fuels my motivation to continue nurturing the community's growth! I sincerely wish Apache HertzBeat a healthy and enduring future.

### To Developers Interested in Contributing to Apache HertzBeat

For those considering open-source participation, I sincerely encourage you to build a solid foundation and cultivate genuine interest. Foundations enable you to quickly grasp new projects, while passion fuels your drive to contribute to open source.

Finally, hope everyone to actively engage with Apache HertzBeat and contribute to our community.

### Acknowledgments

Special thanks to [Tom](https://github.com/tomsun28) and all the Apache HertzBeat™ community members for their support.
