---
id: alarm_inhibit
title: Alarm Inhibition
sidebar_label: Alarm Inhibition
keywords: [ Open Source Monitoring System, Alarm Convergence, Alarm Inhibition ]
---

> Alarm inhibition is used to configure the inhibition relationship between alarms. When an alarm occurs, other alarms can be suppressed. It can be understood as "important" alarms suppressing "
> unimportant" alarms. For example, the alarm generated by a server crash suppresses the alarms generated by other services on this server.

## Prerequisites

- Correctly configure the alarm grouping rule

## Inhibit rule configuration

- Inhibit Rule Name: The name that uniquely identifies the suppression rule

- Source Labels: When the alarm contains these tags, the target alarm will be suppressed. Multiple tags can be added.

> Identify the tag of the "important" alarm. The alarm tag needs to contain all source tags to suppress the alarm marked by the target tag.

- Target Labels: Alarms matching these tags will be suppressed.

> Identify the label of "unimportant" alarms. Alarm labels need to contain all target labels to be suppressed.

- Equal Labels: Labels for determining alarm correlation. Supports up to 10 labels.
- Enabled: Enable or disable this inhibit rule

## Example

Scenario: Use Hertzbeat to monitor two Centos servers 192.168.1.1, 192.168.1.2, and Redis services Redis-1 and Redis-2 deployed on the two servers.
And configure the following threshold rules:

- Monitor Centos Linux / Monitor availability. Bind label `server-status:down`
- Monitor Redis database / Monitor availability. Bind label `redis-status:down`

If you need to achieve that when the Centos downtime alarm is generated, the Redis alarm will no longer be generated, you can configure the following alarm suppression rules:

- Source label: `server-status:down`
- Target label: `redis-status:down`
- Equal label: `instancehost`

When the Centos 192.168.1.1 downtime alarm is generated, the Redis-1 unavailable alarm will no longer be generated. And at the same time, when Centos 192.168.1.2 is running normally and Redis-2 is
unavailable, the alarm notifying Redis-2 unavailable will be generated normally.
